I am working on designing an app that customers will be able to browse, create, and import recipes using their smartphone camera, 
or via URL through my web app. They will also have the ability to create meal plans and from the meal plan, add all of the 
ingredients from their meal plan/recipes chosen, into one complete grocery list, which I am hoping I will be able to allow users 
to import the entire grocery list into their Walmart account to complete their purchase for pickup or delivery. I am also going to 
have the ability for user dietary preferences and the ability to substitute ingredients based on their preferences, or with the 
help of AI, and based on the availability of the product at Walmart. I also want to build an option where, with the help of AI, 
customers can scan ingredients they have and come up with suggestions for meals, as well as offering users the option of entering 
in a budget, dietary preferences, and, with the help of AI and their Walmart account, come up with meals. My app will be called 
MealForge for now, being built under my new startup company Big Brain Coding, and will eventually have its own domain of 
mealforge.app once I get further along in the development process and have a number of test users willing to test my app. 
This will be available as a web app and mobile (iOS and Android) at some point.

Hello, I am trying to sign up for API services for an app I am working on building. I am working on designing an app that customers 
will be able to browse, create, and import recipes using their smartphone camera, or via URL through my web app. They will also have 
the ability to create meal plans and from the meal plan, add all of the ingredients from their meal plan/recipes chosen, into one
complete grocery list, which I am hoping I will be able to allow users to import the entire grocery list into their Walmart account 
to complete their purchase for pickup or delivery. I am also going to have the ability for user dietary preferences and the ability 
to substitute ingredients based on their preferences, or with the help of AI, and based on the availability of the product at Walmart. 
I also want to build an option where, with the help of AI, customers can scan ingredients they have and come up with suggestions for 
meals, as well as offering users the option of entering in a budget, dietary preferences, and, with the help of AI and their Walmart
account, come up with meals. My app will be called MealForge for now, being built under my new startup company Big Brain Coding, and 
will eventually have its own domain of mealforge.app once I get further along in the development process and have a number of test 
users willing to test my app. This will be available as a web app and mobile (iOS and Android) at some point.

Whenever I try to register for a subscription, I get an error after filling out the required fields. I tried multiple options, and I 
have successfully uploaded my key as the guide indicated. This startup company of mine is brand new, and I haven't generated any 
revenue yet. The MealForge app will be the first app I am developing under the startup. 

I am only looking to test for myself for now and will eventually have a very small number of test users, 10 or fewer, to ensure it works 
before I work to publish it. I would like access to any and all available APIs and subscriptions in order for me to bring this idea to 
life. I am hoping to do this as cheaply as possible, as I am using my own money for this. 

If I am doing something incorrectly, please provide me the guidance to correct it. I have already registered an application in the 
dashboard for this app.

I do understand that if this app takes off and generates a good amount of traffic, I will probably have to pay for the usage, and my 
plan is to create a subscription-based model for users to use the Walmart checkout feature to finance the costs.

Thank you for your time,

Bryan
